End-User License Agreement (EULA)

Last updated: 20 April 2024

1. Agreement to Terms

By downloading, accessing, or using Strength Gadget, ye agree to be bound by this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement"). If ye do not agree to the terms found in this Agreement, do not download or use Strength Gadget.

2. License

Strength Gadget grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install, and use the app solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

3. Restrictions

Ye agree not to, and ye will not permit others to:

License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit the app or make the app available to any third party.
Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile, or reverse engineer any part of the app.
Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright) of Strength Gadget or its affiliates, partners, suppliers, or the licensors of the app.
4. Intellectual Property

The app and all contents therein, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, user interface, visual interface, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, and computer code, are owned by Strength Gadget and are protected by copyright laws, trademark laws, and other intellectual property rights and treaties.

5. Your Contributions

Ye do not have to provide any submissions to Strength Gadget; however, if ye send, upload, input, provide, or submit your contributions, ye agree that such contributions are non-confidential and non-proprietary. Furthermore, by submitting the contributions, ye hereby grant Strength Gadget a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, distribute, perform, and display those contributions in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to allow others to do the same.

6. Modification and Availability

Strength Gadget reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the app or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.

7. Termination

This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or Strength Gadget. Your rights under this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice from Strength Gadgetif you fail to comply with any term(s) of this Agreement. Upon termination of the Agreement, ye shall cease all use of the app and delete all copies of the app from your devices.

8. Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

9. Amendments to this Agreement

Strength Gadget reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
