Cookie Policy

Last updated: 20 April 2024

Welcome to StrengthGadget! Like many other apps, we use cookies and similar technologies to enhance yer swashbuckling experience and to help us understand how to improve our offerings. This policy provides detailed information about how and why we use these technologies and the choices ye have.

What are cookies?

Cookies be small text files that are downloaded to yer device when ye visit an app. They help the app remember information about yer visit, which can make it easier for ye to visit the app again and make the site more useful to ye.

Why do we use cookies?

We use cookies for several reasons:

Essential cookies: These cookies are critical for providing ye with services available through our apps, such as access to secure areas.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and customization cookies: These collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our app is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our app for ye.
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to ye. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on yer interests.
How to control cookies

Ye can control and/or delete cookies as ye wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. Ye can delete all cookies that are already on yer device and ye can set most devices to prevent them from being placed. However, if ye do this, ye may have to manually adjust some preferences every time ye visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

Your choices

When ye use StrengthGadget, ye can choose to accept or decline certain types of cookies through yer cookie consent banner. Ye can also adjust yer browser settings to block certain types of cookies. Each browser is a bit different, so look at yer browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify yer cookies.

Changes to our Cookie Policy

We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
